CASMPET-5756: Update space requirements for Nexus (#2109)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/package_repository_management/Nexus_Space_Cleanup.md

During the install of any CSM version, a large amount data is added to Nexus. If there has not been a manual cleanup of old files in Nexus,
then there is likely to be insufficient space for the next version of CSM to be installed.

> **Note:** The Raspberry release has around 130 Gigabytes of space needed in Nexus

Reviewer: Should use `***NOTE***` and I believe we do not want codewords in the docs (e.g. no Raspberry). @nrockershousen might have some feedback.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** The HPE Cray EX System Software 22.07 release has around 130 Gigabytes of space needed in Nexus
```

> **NOTE:** The HPE Cray EX System Software 22.07 release has around 130 Gigabytes of space needed in Nexus

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** The HPE Cray EX System Software 22.07 release has around 130 Gigabytes of space needed in Nexus.
```
